Community PR - Dune Dashboard (2a) (#5976)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/general/dune-analytics/parachain-dashboards/pendulum-dashboards.md

---
id: pendulum-dashboards
title: Pendulum Dashboards
sidebar_label: Pendulum
description:

>   Pendulum is a parachain on Polkadot that focuses on bridging fiat currencies and decentralized
>   finance (DeFi). It aims to create a fully functional fiat-optimized blockchain that facilitates
>   open financial applications and connects them with the traditional financial sector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Pendulum focuses on bridging fiat currencies and decentralized
  finance (DeFi).
```

keywords: [polkadot, dashboard, dune, pendulum, DeFi]
slug: ../pendulum-dashboards
---

# Pendulum Dashboards

## Overview

Pendulum is a parachain on Polkadot that focuses on bridging fiat currencies and decentralized
finance (DeFi). It aims to create a fully functional fiat-optimized blockchain that facilitates open
financial applications and connects them with the traditional financial sector.

## Featured Dashboards on Dune

> Here you'll find a variety of dashboards that help visualize data from the Pendulum parachain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you will find a variety of dashboards that help visualize data from the Pendulum parachain:
```
